DOCS-cpu_language_review-port (#11537)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/OV_Runtime_UG/supported_plugins/Device_Plugins.md

| [Stateful models](../network_state_intro.md) | Yes | No | Yes | No |
| [Extensibility](@ref openvino_docs_Extensibility_UG_Intro) | Yes | Yes | No | No |

> For more details on plugin-specific feature limitations, see the corresponding plugin pages.

Author: ```suggestion
For more details on plugin-specific feature limitations, refer to the corresponding plugin pages.
```
